---
title: "Life-Altering Injuries and the Compensation You Deserve"
description: "Life-altering injuries can be caused by a variety of kinds of accidents, and can range in severity and impact they have on you. Call for an appointment at (702) 222-2115."
pubDate: 2021-05-16
author: "Eric Blank Injury Attorneys"
draft: false
---

In some circumstances, accidents or personal injuries can be so severe that they drastically affect the rest of your life. Life-altering injuries can be caused by a variety of kinds of accidents, and can range in severity and impact they have on you. They often involve mental suffering as well as physical ailments, and they take a toll on the quality of life you experience. If you have experienced a life-altering injury, or you simply want to learn more about this devastating outcome of an accident, keep reading to discover what is classified as one of these injuries, what they are caused by, and what kind of compensation is provided to those affected.

## What is a Life-Altering Injury?

A life-altering injury can encompass many things. It can be one (or more) of any number of injuries that are permanent and have a drastic impact on the mobility, livelihood, or other ability to function of the affected individual. This can include a lasting medical condition that requires regular monitoring and maintenance, as well as permanent disabilities that affect movement or cognitive processing. Life-altering injuries can also be brain injuries, shortened life expectancies, paralysis, amputation, and more.
Regardless of what kind of injury is considered to be life-altering, there is always one thing in common with them all. This common ground is the effect that the injury in question has on the individual’s life. This effect may involve the ability to complete everyday functions, such as walking, talking, bending, or lifting. It may involve changes in or loss of any of the senses, such as blindness, deafness, or otherwise. It may also involve the inability to perform job functions or continue working in any manner. All of these are considered qualifiers for an injury to be considered life-altering.

## What Causes Life-Altering Injuries?

Now that we have established an understanding of what constitutes a life-altering injury, let’s take a look at some situations that may result in them. Just as there are many causes for personal injuries and accidents, there are numerous circumstances that can lead to life-altering injuries as well. These injuries can be caused by traumatic motor vehicle accidents, such as head-on collisions or pedestrian accidents. They can also be a result of faulty or defective products, in which case the manufacturer may be held liable. Another potential cause for these injuries is a dog bite or animal attack. Premises liability incidents, along with slip and fall accidents are also common circumstances that may result in a life-altering injury. Last, but not least, workplace accidents can lead to an injury that has lasting effects on your life. Depending on where or how the injury occurred, proceedings for a case may differ. [It is best to consult with a legal team](https://ericblanklaw.com/contact/) to verify you have substantial evidence to prove liability and to gain adequate compensation for the damages experienced.

## Compensation for Life-Altering Injuries

While compensation differs from case to case, [there are a few considerations that should always be made in regard to totalling the damages](https://ericblanklaw.com/accident-attorney-tips/what-are-damages-and-who-pays-for-them/). Damages can include medical expenses, such as the initial cost of treatment, as well as physical or mental therapy; consultations and appointment copays; medical equipment now required, such as crutches or wheelchair; disability; in-home care, such as home health aides or cleaning services if you are no longer able to take care of your own home due to your injury; and more. In addition to your medical expenses, you can gain compensation for the mental, emotional, and physical distress that you experience as a result of your car accident or personal injury. If you lose wages due to medical appointments, therapy sessions, hospital stays, or other scenarios related to your accident or injury, you may be able to claim these wages as damages. When it comes time to total the damages you are claiming in your case, be sure to consult with your injury attorney. If you are in need of legal representation, [contact our team of experts today](https://ericblanklaw.com/contact/). Get BETTER with BLANK.
